Add content for git mv command. (#3552)
Codecademy/docs: content/git/concepts/mv/mv.md

---
Title: 'Move'

> Description: 'Moving or renaming files within a Git repository is done with mv command.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'A command for moving or renaming files within a Git repository.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Bash/Shell'
  - 'Developer Tools'
Tags:
  - 'Git'
  - 'GitHub'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-git'
  - 'learn-the-command-line'
---

> The `git mv` command is used to move or rename files **within** a Git repository. It's a more convenient way to move or rename files compared to manually deleting and adding files. This command also helps in tracking the history of file movements and renames.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`git mv`** command is used to move or rename files *within* a Git repository. It's a more convenient way to move or rename files compared to manually deleting and adding files. This command also helps in tracking the history of file movements and naming alterations.
```

> ## Git command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Syntax

> ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```pseudo
```

git mv <old-file-path> <new-file-path>
```

> ## Example Usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Use Cases
```

### 1. Moving a File

To move a file from one location to another, use the `git mv` command like this:

```bash

> git mv source/file.txt destination/

Reviewer: it this is going to display pseudo code use a pseudo block. Also, I believe it would be more accurate to show it as
git mv source_filepath destination_filepath

```

This will move the `file.txt` from the `source` directory to the `destination` directory.

### 2. Renaming a File

To rename a file, simply use the `git mv` command with the old and new file names:

```bash
git mv old-name.txt new-name.txt
```

> ### Details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
